[Music]
last time we tested what would happen if
you gave a Weedle perfect stats 255 base
in attack HP speed defense special and
we found that it was completely
overpowered it basically crushed the
entire game though there were still a
couple spots that were a little
difficult basically because the Pokemon
had no moves that led a lot of people to
ask the question what if we gave perfect
stats to the perfect Pokémon what if we
took Mewtwo even further beyond the
Perfection that it was engineered to be
in Generation 1 combining its incredible
move pool with perfect stats will we
just one-hot every single Pokemon in the
game how fast can I beat the game with
this setup I wanted to test it out so I
decided to set up this Mewtwo so just a
quick breakdown of some rules I'm going
to be playing the game as quickly as I
can with this Mewtwo this is one run
where I will be on Max stvs we're going
to make it the strongest
possible Pokemon that could ever exist
within the programming of the game and
the goal is to see if we can basically
just one shot or two shot everything and
get to the end quickly so normally I
avoid adding TMS as much as possible but
in this one I'm just going to give the
best moves at every point that I think
will help me get through the game faster
with that being said this is not an
optimized speedrun I have not mapped
this out in advance this is a first
attempt so if there's a minor mistake
that will just be what it is but still I
think we will get a pretty good idea of
how fast this Pokemon can beat the
entire game of Pokemon yellow one other
thing is that I play with animations on
that is my style you don't have to agree
with it or like it heck we may even do a
second run to see how turning animations
off and giving a one character name
actually speeds up the run but for now
let's get into this and see how it
actually goes and here the timer starts
the second that I hit new game it will
end the second that we actually managed
to beat the champion at the end I'm
going to avoid picking up items as much
as possible cuz I don't think I need
them so here Professor Oak he's going to
find this completely overpowered Pokemon
outside of palat town and he is just
going to do the worst thing the
researcher ever could do he's going to
give it to a 10-year-old kid and just
send him out into the world go be a
Pokemon master so here our rival is
going to push us out of the way and he's
going to find out that it was a major
mistake to do that because we are coming
in with the ultimate but here as we came
into the first battle with god 2 clearly
something has gone wrong because the
emul just froze it doesn't even want to
let us fight rival number one with our
God
2 let's see if we can reset and get this
to go so after some minor
troubleshooting we are back and here
against the Eevee I'm just going to use
confusion once and one shot it turns out
that this Mewtwo is kind of strong so
with that we will simply progress
through the game as quick as I can I'm
not going to pick up any items that I
don't think I need we will get a flying
type Pokémon but that's basically all
that we're going to do before Brock and
with our Pidgeon to we're ready to make
our way to Brock let's just go ahead and
take on the first gym
[Music]
leader so here with God 2 I'm just going
to use psychic and it easily One-Shots
the first geod dude we get to level
seven and then we easily oh no we do not
one-hot the Onyx even with perfect stats
on minimum battles we did not one shot
there in that fight so Mewtwo in spite
of the fact that we have technically
made it the perfect Pokemon is not
actually guaranteed to one hit KO both
of Brock's Pokémon still we beat that
fight in 2 minutes 43 seconds and we are
ready to move on in the rest of the game
now this next section is really just
about PP management just trying to make
sure that we don't use too much PP and
psychic except where we need to against
these really weak Pokémon I'm just going
to go confusion the whole way also since
we're going for speed we're going to
fight this bug catcher rather than going
up to the last up above because we have
to backrack in that case whereas here
we're just going to one hit KO all these
Pokemon anyway so it's much faster to
just fight that trainer and then move on
now I'm not sure if I'm going to need
rare candies but I'm going to pick them
up just in case just so that we have
them in the bag in the off of chance
that we actually need them otherwise I'm
taking no optional battles here in Mount
Moon I'm going straight to the super
nerd at the end and then Jesse and James
so here against the super nerd I think
we just go confusion on this one I don't
expect his Pokémon to survive oh volt
orb does survive we should have used
psychic there but coughing is a one hit
K.O and we easily get through the super
nerd in very good time we take Lord Dome
even though it's slightly less efficient
and it's time to take on Jesse and James
so Jesse and James attempt number one of
course we're just going to confusion on
the ekin I'm going to psychic the Meowth
just to make sure it's a one hitter and
then we will confusion on the coughing
easy win as we get to level 14 and with
that I'm going to now route to seruan
City and I'm going to take on the Rival
first I think that is the best routing
and I'm also going to heal just so that
I have more PP as I go up North so rival
2 attempt number one let's just see how
he goes here I'm going psychic on this
team because he has fairly high level
Pokemon we don't want to miss a one hit
K.O here except for the ratata ratata is
weak so we can definitely just confusion
and then the Eevee takes a psychic easy
one hit k. 5 minutes 25 seconds to get
through this section not doing too bad
and for everything else up here I'm
basically just going to use confusion so
I'm going to swap that into the top slot
so I can just hold my Auto fire button
in order to knock out these Pokémon now
you will note that the overlay is
showing one optional battle that simply
because I fought that bug catcher rather
than the last on rout three my overlay
considers my standard minimum battles
route when it considers what is an
optional battle and what is a required
battle but in general we will fight the
trainers that have the fewest Pokémon so
that we spend the least amount of time
oh getting a gen one miss against a
Zubat oh my
God but that is what we're going to go
with here and we're just going to grab
of course free Pokemon that we can use
as hm users later on but here are
against the Oddish last at the end of
this section we can see we've had no
troubles we' barely even taken any
damage outside of some quick attack
users I will grab the ether and go see
Billy boy where he's going to say oh my
gosh what kind of Pokémon is that we're
going to say it is the greatest Pokémon
ever to live and he's going to give us a
ticket because he's just so impressed by
our god tier Mewtwo but with that it is
time to go back down south and I'm going
to go ahead and just fight against Misty
it's going to be more efficient than
coming back to fight her later I think
psychic will be enough to get through
this fight so Misty attempt number one
[Music]
so first things first against this
Staryu I use psychic it is a one hit ko.
star me's out next psychic didn't quite
do half but if we can just get a
critical hit I'm pretty sure we would
easily win I just use Swift at the end
and there we go we managed to beat Misty
8 minutes 10 seconds we've completed
everything up north we're ready to go
take on Lieutenant surge this is going
to be perfectly fine one optional battle
up to this point no troubles whatsoever
so with that we are just going to move
on in the game and Misty gives us bubble
beam we could use that move I'm not sure
if we actually need it though so I'm
going to avoid it for now but actually
no sooner did I say that than I kind of
realized that I'm running low on some PP
so I'm actually going to learn this move
over disable that will just give us
another damaging move and basically the
whole goal in a speedrun is just to
avoid any inefficiency as much as
possible so obviously we want to avoid
having to backtrack the heal at Pokémon
centers things like that so having an
extra move like bubble beam does does
make sense Here and Now on the SS and
I'm going to take one more optional
battle in order to get access to body
slam I think this is the best move just
because it's going to give us a stronger
normal type move to use and basically we
could carry this move all the way to the
end of the game I'm going to learn it
over Swift so with that let's just get
straight to rival number three where I
think he's going to be a cakewalk but
let's find out so here against Sparro
I'm just going to use bubble beam same
against the ratata it's the obvious play
against the sandre as well we get to
level 22 and then just body slam the
Eevee easy Victory so just like that we
can give a rubby rub to an old man at
the end of this whole SSN section and
get him to teach us how to cut and now
we are ready to get into Lieutenant
Serge's gym I do not Auto solve his
trash can puzzle we are going to solve
it the old-fashioned way which means
that this is definitely a Time loss if
you were speedrunning you would either
manipulate this or somehow just uh you
know reset every time you miss but here
we are Lieutenant surge let's
[Music]
go so Lieutenant Serge I think the best
strategy is just to body slam him oh it
didn't quite one shot but we two shot
easy Victory 11 minutes 25 seconds to
get through three gems two optional
battles two TMS we're doing and just
fine and remember we're already well
over a third of the Battles Through the
game on a minimum battle setup I'm going
to go ahead and learn the move
Thunderbolt this is going to be on our
final move set of course in the late
game we're going to forget confusion in
order to have Thunderbolt here and here
we will get the bicycle will get our
Squirtle and it's time to make our way
to the Rock Tunnel so next up is the
wrapping lass of course where we can
simply sit here and spam anything but I
think psychic is probably the best way
to go since it's just super effective
and it's guaranteed to one shot
everything and now we can get to the
Cubone Slowpoke trainer where we're also
going to get some pretty easy one shots
I think I didn't even use Thunderbolt
like I should have but it was still a
one shot with body slam on the Slowpoke
we'll Rectify that here on the second
Slowpoke or will'll simply just
Thunderbolt it down easy easy win and we
can see we just kind of cruise through
this entire section but you're always
going to be overleveled in Rock Tunnel
even with a slow level of Pokémon on
minimum battles you will be at a higher
level than these opponents I am going to
say save for routing here because I
don't want to accidentally run into any
trainers and you'll see me save
periodically based on just situations
where I might get bad luck but here
we've made it to the Rock Tunnel hiker
where bubble beam assuming that we don't
get any gen one misses should just be a
bunch of one hitters and just like that
we get through and get to level 25 and
just like that we've made it through
this entire section incredibly easily as
we would kind of expect and we can make
our way to seladon city now I do cut
these trees here I know it's not the
most efficient it's just easier routing
on four times speed to not run into some
random trainers and now in sidon City
I'm going to first go straight to Erica
I think this is a reasonable strategy
because I think we're just going to
completely destroy her gym so Erica
attempt number one let's go
[Music]
so first off she sends out tangala I'm
going to use psychic we do not get the
one hitter but body slam will finish it
off after that weaping Bells out next
it's an easy one hit k. and Gloom more
of the same action so we get to level 27
15 minutes 37 seconds four gems down and
we are cruising yet again we're just
going to basically pick up ice beam here
in seladon City get Fly and then just
progress in the game I will not be using
the pokka doll glitch so we will
actually fight Giovani and Team Rocket
that will lose a little bit of time but
I don't think it's that big of a deal
now the other thing I will not be doing
is getting any vitamins in this one
because honestly I don't think we even
need them but you know you can disagree
with me on that now I am also going to
get PP UPS in this one I don't know if
they're actually necessary at any point
but just having the extra PP in an
attacking move might save us from having
to go back and heal quite as often and
with all that done it's time to get into
the basement and fight Jesse and James
where here we're just simply going to
psychic on the coughing and I think we
just Spam psychic this entire fight I
don't think we need to mess around with
anything else easy one hitters all the
way around so just like that it's time
for Giovani number one he leads off with
Onyx we're going to Ice Beam it that's a
one hitter Ice Beam of course will
onshot the rehorn and I'm going to go
psychic on the Persian since it is our
strongest move as a same type move easy
win there as well and we can just dig on
out of here and make our way back to
Lavender you'll see that we didn't even
heal in Cerulean City so now it's time
to fight against our rival let's see how
he goes so leading off against FOH I'm
going to Thunderbolt this Pokémon out
next comes the Magnemite I think body
slams as good as anything there shelder
can get a thunderbolt itself and then we
will go for the Ice Beam on sandrew and
psychic guarantees the one hitter on the
Eevee easy easy Victory so now we will
simply route minimum Battles Through
This section there's only this one
Chandler to fight on the lower levels
before before we get a free heal from
the purified protected zone so we don't
even need to worry about the fact that
we're running a little low on PP in some
of our moves cuz it's coming right back
to us here and with the one free heal in
the mid game we can now come here and
just easily destroy these Gastly let's
take on ghosty Mama we identify cubone's
mother and we are just going to Ice Beam
it and apparently that's enough to take
out a ghost Jesse and James are waiting
at the top of the tower where we know
that we're going to completely destroy
them AO a on Psy kick the wholeway I
think is going to be one hitters all the
way around easy easy victory that kind
of does it for all the guaranteed easy
parts of the game remember that
everything up to this point is just kind
of a cakewalk in a standard solo run
Pokemon Yellow really isn't that hard up
to this point it's here when we get to
rival 5 and tooga that the game starts
to get more difficult but I think we
have enough type coverage that we can
even just go straight to rival 5 so I'm
going to try that routing let's just see
if it works out in a normal run I would
definitely go down to Kaa but I think
maybe fighting the psychic types would
be more tedious at this point than
simply coming here and getting the
victory so rival 5 is going to lead off
with his sand slash and let's see if Ice
Beam one shots it does out next is
Closter Thunderbolt easy Victory right
there we don't really have anything
great against Magneton so I'm just going
to use psychic we did not one shot so
I'll just finish it with a body slam
body slam on Kadabra of course and what
the heck let's just body slam slam the
Flareon easy Victory we get through as
we get to level 33 there was never a
question in that fight so we can take
our last battle against Jesse and James
here where I'm just going to psychic the
wheezing out next is Arbok another easy
psychic I think and then Meowth what the
heck body slam anything just one shots
that Pokemon at this point and it's time
for Giovani number two so here against
Giovani I'm going to go psychic on the
neino I'm going to oh get a gen one miss
with Thunderbolt against the Persian I'm
just using this because it doesn't work
on the next two Pokémon ryhorn we can
give it an ice beam and of course
against the neoc queen Ice Beam one hit
K.O no problem whatsoever as we
completely destroyed Giovani I'm going
to take a slight inefficiency by going
upstairs to get the rare candy but yeah
we're not actually having any troubles
at this point and with some slight item
management out of the way we are now
going to go and take on Sabrina where I
think body slam is just going to
completely dest Destroyer but let's find
[Music]
out so in a normal run I would just let
this Abra flash me because who doesn't
want to get flashed by Sabrina but in
this one we're just going to go all in
on the body slams we ones shot the first
two Pokemon not quite a one hitter on
Alakazam at this level but we still take
it down easily 24 minutes 19 seconds to
get through that and we have another gym
badge so now it's time to just go take
on Koga this shouldn't be too hard I
don't think we've obviously got psychic
and that's probably the play so here in
koga's gym of course we have to fight
two jugglers and I'm just going to spam
body slam on these fights I'm pretty
sure it's one hitters all the way around
but let's see if that's actually the
case the first juggler of course Goes
Down super easily this second this
second juggler does have a Hypno on his
team though so we might not want sh it
but we do so there we go we have made it
to Koga let's just use psychic
[Music]
here so against Koga of course I'm just
going to hold ottaway on Psychic we on-
shot the first venat oneshot the second
venat get to level 37 as we on-shot the
third venonat Venom is out and it's a
one hit ko. easy victory in 26 minutes
and 19 seconds to beat six gems so we're
definitely on a very good Pace here
we've learned four TMS we've got two
optional battles but really nothing
crazy and it's time to go take on blae
now we don't have that many battles left
we have Blaine we have like two randos
inside of giovan's gym and Giovani and
then it's just the final six battles of
the game if we can do this on minimum
battles this is going to be pretty darn
awesome now in a usual run it's actually
at lowai where minimum battles becomes a
little bit inconsistent with Mewtwo and
that's the point where you actually have
to use some rare candies in order to
make it more consistent to get through
that fight even with Thunderbolt on the
move set here however I'm pretty sure
we're going to crush there because we've
got a super effective move and basically
perfect stats but level does calculate
into the damage formula so just because
we do have really really great stats
here it doesn't necessarily mean that
we're going to be consistent without a
additional levels so I will grab
blizzard just in case maybe we could
need it at some point I think Ice Beam
will be enough to get through everything
though blizzard just in theory gives us
a straight slightly stronger move if we
need a better range but since this is a
first attempt and it's not optimized I
don't actually know if we ever need that
range that may be something for the
speedrunners out there watching to test
out yourselves sometime so here we will
wish that we had tomb Stoner cuz that
would guarantee one hitters but now it's
time for Blaine let's go
[Music]
so here against blay boy I'm going to
lead off with psychic it's not going to
be a one hitter but body slam will
finish that Pokemon off if it's not
going to be one hitters I'm basically
just going to go body slam here cuz we
could get a paralysis and that probably
helps quite a bit here Arcanine is fully
paralyzed and we knock it out three hits
easily 29 minutes 46 seconds to get
through that fight no additional
optional battles in that section the
biggest thing that I think surprises me
is that we're not actually one-shotting
everything we could have I guess kept
bubble beam up to this point in order to
onot and then learned a different move
so if I were to come back and optimize
that might even be what I would try but
technically a super effective bubble
beam and psychic are about the same
power so it's not a situation where
you're like dying to have that move but
with that we have gotten through seven
GS now and it's time to go take on
Giovani and then make our way to the
[Music]
league so here we're going to show
Giovani a Mewtwo as strong as the Mewtwo
in the anime we one-hot the first
Pokemon psychic here on Persian one
shots next I'm just going to stick with
psychic on needle Queen since it is the
strongest move we get to level 40
another one hitter on neok King and
finally Ry on take an ice beam easy
Victory Giovani never stood a chance 31
minutes 7 Seconds to get through that
section and yet again we're just
cruising let's go take on our rival and
make our way to the Elite 4 and I don't
predict any more move set changes at
this point I think we're going to be
just fine let's see though if that's
actually the case so against the Rival
ice beam is enough for sand slash we're
going to Ice Beam on the execute Closter
comes out let's give it a thunderbolt
Magneton next psychic is our strongest
move it does get the oneit K.O Kadabra
can get body slammed and finally the
Flareon I'm just going to body slam it
it's going to be a two hit K.O we get
poisoned that does not matter at all we
are easily getting through that fight
and I'm not going to stop to heal the
poison just because I don't want to lose
the time I will get access to the one
rare candy in Victory Road and I'll
avoid talking too much here cuz I don't
want to flash your guys' eyes out I am
not Sabrina and here I did accidentally
run into one trainer so I guess I'm just
going to have to fight this guy and now
I'm even misclicking here against this
juggler we did not one shot his Hypno
The Drowsy is technically a one hitter
with body slam we ones shot the Kadabra
and we're going to oneshot the other
Kadabra so clearly it shouldn't have
been a tough fight a little bit of time
loss there few seconds nothing to really
write home about but now we've made it
to the Elite 4 we can heal we can grab a
few full restores and now it is time to
get into this action starting off with
laurelai let's see how she
[Music]
goes so lur Li attempt number one of
course I'm simply going to Thunderbolt
on the dong it's a nice one hitter
Thunderbolt on the Closter another one
hit k. Thunderbolt on the slow bro is a
one hitter I I'm going to body slam this
Jinx that is a one hit ko. and finally
the Lapras is not a one hitter and it
paralyzes us with body slam but two hits
is enough to knock it out and we can
move on and after a quick heal it's
Bruno time let's just knock out this
[Music]
hiker so here against Bruno of course
I'm just going to go outway on Psychic
we don't even need to mess around with
Ice Beam on the Onyx they don't matter
everything on this team always goes down
to psychic on minimum battles for a
Mewtwo I've never had a Pokemon here
survive and it doesn't change this time
so with that we have made it through
that fight it is time to take on Agatha
let's see how she goes here
[Music]
now Agatha's might be a little scary cuz
I haven't rare candied here but we have
such high stats I don't think it matters
and we are just simply using psychic to
one-hot her entire team fortunately we
have enough psychic PP without
recovering that we can onot all of
Bruno's team and all of this team so
Agatha goes down just like that as we
get to level 47 and with that Lance is
just going to lock Us in and it's time
to go ahead and fight the Dragon
[Music]
trainer so here against Lance of course
I'm going to Thunderbolt on the Gyarados
easy one hit K.O then it's just Ice Beam
the rest of the way all of these Pokemon
I expect to be one hit Kos and we
outspeed everything at this point so we
get to level 48 Dragonite goes down and
Lance was never a problem so with that
I'm simply going to use a single Elixir
and get into the champion fight let's
see if we sweep the entire Elite 4 here
[Music]
so against the champion of course I'm
going to Ice Beam on the sand slash next
it's time to body slam this Alakazam
we're going to go back to Ice Beam for
the exeggutor exeggutor survives so this
is a two hit KO blizzard would have
helped there then psychic is the best
play on the Magneton we get the one
hitter Closter can get Thunderbolt and
finally we've got a Lon let's just go
for the psychic and get the one hit KO
so just like that we are going to see
completely unoptimized with animations
on with the proper name on our Pokémon
with some routing mistakes in there 37
minutes 33 seconds at 4 times speed
really not a difficult run to do with
this Pokemon we pretty easily crushed
the entire game as you would expect now
I'm pretty darn certain that with
optimizations this Pokemon could get
significantly faster than this but it
does lead to one question in my mind
which is how much faster would we be if
we did the standard speedrunner strats
of you know a one character name and
animations off and all of that how much
faster would we actually be than this
37-minute time well let's do a double
header here and just see how much faster
it actually becomes but now let's play
this more like a speedrun let's turn our
animations off and I'm also going to use
my overlay to set all of the names to
simply be a single a let's see what that
does to the speed of this run how much
faster is it actually to play the game
like a quote unquote speedrunner are we
saving a lot of time or is it basically
negligible so of course I know with a
Tas or something that this would be a
significantly faster run but the reason
I'm kind of interested is just because
of the fact that as a human being who
runs into walls occasionally and things
like that this might not actually make
any difference here of course we did did
learn that we should psychic on Rival
number one to guarantee that that is a
one hit ko. and we are also going to use
psychic as we go into the Brock fight
kind of hoping that we get the range
this time in order to One-Shot his Onyx
that might have been a bad luck range on
the first attempt and so that could save
us a little bit of time now while this
second attempt is obviously going to be
a little bit better I learned a few
things in that first attempt I don't
expect it to be like world's better in
terms of strategy I mean we were
basically one-shotting everything anyway
way so I think most of that can just be
chocked up to luck and even if we had a
better strategy it's probably not going
to improve things that much but with
that let's simply try Brock again
without animations so here against Brock
of course I'm just going to use psychic
and one shot goo dude and this time we
again do not get the one hitter on the
Onyx so clearly we need to gain another
level in order to one shot Onyx 2
minutes 30 seconds to get through there
and we are moving on in the game now I'm
going to follow exactly the same route
as I did done the first attempt because
I think this is the best way to get
through quickly and efficiently and I
don't think there's really any reason to
change it based on what we saw now I am
going to still pick up the rare candies
cuz I might even slam them at certain
points where I didn't one-hot opponents
and maybe try to use the rare candies to
get a better range here though the
strategy is definitely just to come into
this as we are and pretty easily get
through these fights I think this time
we actually use psychic on the volt orb
so it is a oneit KO and we easily get
through the super nerd grab grab Lord
Dome and it's time for Jesse and James
so here of course same strategy as
before psychic on the ekin psychic on
the Persian and then just confusion on
the coughing is enough to One-Shot that
Pokémon so now it's time for rival
number two where we can just Spam the
move psychic this whole way I'm just
using confusion on the ratata to save
some PP and like that it's time to go
north and just beat up on all these
trainers get the free levels and then
we'll make our way to MTI so here we'll
show Billy boy our new Mewtwo and he's
going to be even more impressed because
he's going to say rby why are you
starting to try to speedrun what is this
he definitely approves of naming
everything a that is definitely the case
when it comes to Billy boy so down to
Misty let's see how she goes so Misty
attempt number one here of course
psychic one- shots the Staryu and here
we get a nice critical hit turn one on
Star me so it's a two-hitter 7 minutes
36 seconds so now against rival number
three of course I'm just going to sit
here and spam psychic on this I think
this is the easiest way to Simply get
through this fight but Lieutenant surge
is up next and I'm going to try psychic
here I went for body slam last time
obviously psychic is a stronger move
since it's same type I was just trying
to save PP here I actually did take a
heal before I came down to Vermilion
City though so now Lieutenant surge time
let's see how he goes so here against
Lieutenant surge I'm going to go psychic
we still don't get the one hitter it's a
two hit ko. a critical hit would have
one shot there but 10 minutes 59 seconds
to get through the Third gy him so I
just have the feeling that this is
slower but I don't remember what my
splits were from the first one so I'm
just going to have to compare them all
at the end but just like that we do make
it to the Rock Tunnel hiker where we can
simply spam bubble beam and as long as
we don't get any more gen one misses
here easy easy Victory to get through
that section so with that let's go
straight to Cerulean let's get ice beam
before we go to Erica this time that was
definitely a strategy mistake in the
first one but now we can simply onshot
all these Pokémon and I think Ice Beam
will also one-hot the Tanga in Erica's
gym so here now against Erica against
her Tanga I'm going to use ice beam and
get the one hit K.O and then psychic is
still more than a good enough for the
weaping Bell and the Gloom so we easily
get through that 16 minutes 15 seconds
to get through that gym four gym badges
down and it's time to progress in the
game so same routing as before we are
coming into the Rocket game corner now
where we should just make very quick
work of all of these Pokémon and be able
to progress to the next section so just
like last time Jesse and James are going
to be a bunch of easy one hit Kos and we
can make our way straight to Giovani
number one so here I'm just going to Ice
Beam on the Onyx let's Ice Beam on the
ryhorn and then let's just go ahead and
use a psychic on the Persian easy one
hits all the way around and it's time to
go take on Rival number four in the
Pokemon Tower the Rival of course leads
off with his FOH which we just
Thunderbolt then against the magnet Mite
I'm just going to use psychic shelder
another Thunderbolt the same sandrew
really can't do anything to an ice beam
and then psychic to guarantee the one
hitter on Eevee and just like that we
have basically made it through all of
this early game yet again we know
nothing in the tower is going to pose us
any real difficulties so let's make our
way straight to rival number five so in
rival 5's room of course we are
basically planning to onot most of these
Pokemon Ice Beam on the sand slash of
course Thunderbolt for Closter we go
back to psychic for the Magneton still
have a two hit range here but we knock
it out Kadabra is a one hit K.O and
finally against the Flareon didn't mean
to use Ice Beam there but we easily get
it with two hits so just like that we
managed to get through that fight so now
time for Giovani 2 yet again where we
can basically just one-hot the narino
I'm going to just one-hot the Persian
and we're just going Ice Beam the rest
of the way since all these Pokemon can't
really do anything against it and just
like that we get through yet again and
I'm not going to waste my time going
upstairs to get a rare candy cuz I don't
think we actually need it so Sabrina
time let's go so here against Sabrina of
course I'm just going to lead off with a
body slam more body slam everybody wants
to slam their body on
Sabrina oh that's terrible but we easily
win and 22 minutes 24 seconds to get
through that gym and it's time now to
move on in this section so now Kaa time
we should have just a bunch of easy one
hit Kos with psychic here and sure
enough everything goes down nice and
easy and 24 minutes 1 second to get
through that gym and now here this is
where I'm actually going to use rare
candies because I think that the Blain
fight was basically the least consistent
fight of the last run so by gaining six
levels here I think we're going to be
significantly stronger and it should at
least in theory help us get through that
one a little faster I don't know if the
levels will actually affect the ranges
though so we're just going to have to
find out and I'm going to once again
pick up blizzard in this one but I'm not
going to learn it immediately I'm going
to save blizzard basically until we're
right at the champion I think the
exeggutor is the only Pokemon where that
move really matters everything else it
seems like Ice Beam was more than enough
Ice Beam is of course 100% accurate so
I'd rather not lose time to a random
Miss so Tombstone or brothers let's take
on blay boy so here I am going to go
psychic the whole way this is going to
be our strongest move and we get a nice
critical hit one shot on the first
Pokemon and we're going to twoot the
rapid Ash Arcanine comes out we did over
half and two hits is enough to knock it
out in 27 minutes and 17 seconds but
just like that we're to Giovani let's
take him down nice and easy so here of
course against the Doug Trio it's an ice
beam then we're going psychic on the
next three Pokemon we are basically
guaranteed to get crits on both of the
NEOS I'm not sure about the Persian
maybe the crit mattered there but we can
get the one hitter on the Rydon and 28
minutes 26 seconds now we are through
all of the gyms and it's on to the Elite
4 we've we' got about 9 minutes to beat
our previous time let's just see if we
can manage to do it so rival 6 of course
we've got just a bunch of one hitters
here I don't expect to have any major
issues on this fight we will go psychic
on the Magneton it does get the one
hitter and then body slam on the cadabra
and we'll finish with a psychic on the
Flareon that does not one shot so we
just use anything after that in order to
win we already used six of our rare
candies and we're still not one hit
koing on that Flareon there this is kind
of the issue of being in the slow
LevelUp group it might actually be
possible to win a lot faster with a
medium slow level up Pokémon because
medium slow level up Pokémon actually
level up the fastest in a Solo challenge
basically until around level 60 or so
they're faster than the medium fast
level up Pokemon and it takes fast
Pokemon basically to the end of the game
to actually gain significantly more
levels than those medium slow level up
Pokémon there's a reason why challenge
Runners absolutely love the medium slow
LevelUp group these solo challenges now
we do manage to dodge that one random
juggler that I fought last time so we
aren't going to get a Time loss from
that so that should automatically make
this run a little bit faster but now
it's time for the Elite 4 let's see how
they go so starting with lurine so of
course the strategy is the same we're
going to go Thunderbolt on the first
three Pokemon I expect it to one shot
all of them body slam on the Jinx and we
missed the body slam with a gen one miss
finally Lapras comes out we do get the
one hitter with with a critical hit this
time so that was perfectly fine on to
Bruno so here against Bruno we are just
going Auto a on Psychic the entire way
since we know this is going to be a one
hit K Fest yet again we just don't want
gen one misses but everything is
perfectly easy there we get to level 49
it's on to Agatha so here against Agatha
Auto a on Psychic once again as long as
it hits these should all be one hit koos
and we should get through really really
fast we get to level 50 there the level
that we actually finished at in the last
last run so we know we're slightly
stronger here but let's just see if it's
enough now on to Lancy boy we are going
to Thunderbolt against his first
Gyarados and then it's just Ice Beam the
rest of the way since this move is 100%
accurate this is the one we want to use
on this fight as long as it's a
guaranteed one hitter on everything but
just like that we have made it once
again to the champion at about 33
minutes here I'm going to learn TM 14
blizzard I'm going to learn this over
ice beam and now I'm also going to slam
the last of my rare candies I had two
more left in the bag we're up to level
53 let's see how this goes and how the
ranges are against that exeggutor so
first things first against the sand
slash blizzard is an easy one hit K.O
out next to Zak Kazam we body slam it
and exeggutor the one we wanted to see
we get the one hit ko. there we're out
of psychic PP so I'm going to body slam
here on Magneton that was a mistake here
we can go Thunderbolt on the Closter
though and finally against the Flareon I
guess blizzard is the strongest move
it's a one hit k. easy Victory so it
turns out that we finished the game
about 3 minutes faster with the
animations off it didn't really make
that big of a difference to have a short
name in animations off in this one now
with that being said it was about 3
minutes 21 seconds difference between
this and the run that we did with
animations on and with full names so of
course if you are going for a speedrun
you would prefer to run on these sorts
of settings if if anything though I
would say there is a slight caveat we
basically one- shot the entire game we
had like a couple spots where we needed
two hit Kos but if you're playing any
Pokemon normally that would actually
have to fight a lot more this difference
between having animations on and
animations off having a long name and
having a short name would definitely be
longer and longer in those cases now the
other thing to note is that I'm
basically playing at four times speed so
the reason I don't refer to the game
time is because if you actually tring to
get the fastest possible time you would
play on onetime speed to avoid bumping
into walls and to get basically frame
perfect inputs everywhere that you
possibly could still that was a lot of
fun to see that yeah Mewtwo with this
setup pretty darn strong beasts the game
but it's still even with perfect stats
since it doesn't always have a super
effective move for everything it still
at the end doesn't one-hot every single
Pokémon on minimum battles obviously if
you had slightly more battles slightly
more levels you probably reach a point
where you onot everything by level 60 at
the most the whole game probably becomes
a one hit K Fest but now let's do one
last thing let's go ahead and see how
this Mewtwo does against Professor Oak
the legend himself he has three Oaks
right here three teams let's see if we
can defeat them all in succession
without any heals let's go so first Oak
comes out with his Tauros I'm going to
use psychic on this Pokemon it is not a
one hitter so we have to knock it out
the next turn exeggutor we're going to
go blizzard we get a nice one hit ko.
there fortunately back to psychic on the
Arcanine and this is another Pokemon
that we're going to have to go two hits
to knock out Blastoise is out next we
can just Thunderbolt that Pokemon and
we're going to Thunderbolt the Gyarados
easy Victory next we have to fight the
oak that has the Venusaur team so we're
going to go for the same strategy but
this time we one shot against the very
first Tauros we get a knock out the
exeggutor we level up to level 56 right
here we're going to go back to psychic
for the Arcanine still not going to be a
one hitter but he keeps roaring at us
for some reason now we can go psychic on
the Venusaur and the final Gyarados gets
a one hit ko. from a Thunderbolts so
that's two Oaks down final Oak here he
is he's got his Tauros psychic at this
level we now do one shot there blizzard
still hits against the exeggutor but we
did not get the one hitter there so we
have to knock it out on the next turn
back to to psychic for the Arcanine it
Roars a third time so he he really just
doesn't want to win we Thunderbolt the
Charizard get to level 58 Thunderbolt to
Gyarados and just like that Three Oaks
in a row you know it's it's literally
like three ducks in a row here we just
completely destroyed them and uh there's
a reason why he's looking around
refusing to look at us now he's like hey
I I refuse to look at you what you've
done to this world of
Pokémon so with that I'm going to do my
last thing that I want to do of course
the Mewtwo that is in the game is also a
god tier Mewtwo it has the perfect stats
so let's go for some Mewtwo on Mewtwo
violence to wrap this one up while I'm
just going to give a massive thank you
to the channel members thank you so much
for supporting this has been just a fun
little adventure to mess around with
base stats and see the maximums and
minimums of the game but I'd be really
interested to hear which Pokemon you
guys think would be better then this
Mewtwo with perfect stats I can think of
a few I think a Pokemon like Victory
Bell could actually turn out to be
really really good given that it would
have Razor Leaf from the start of the
game plus acid it just doesn't have
anything really good to use against
early game poison types but it might not
matter with the critical hits from Razer
Leaf another Pokemon that would make a
lot of sense would be something like
Hypno which while it's going to be a
little bit weaker with the confusion it
also has headbutt some other Pokemon
that I think could be really really
interesting Poliwrath starting out the
entire game with the move body slam
could be pretty cool and it's got water
gun in order to easily get through Brock
that Pokemon with perfect stats might
actually be super overpowered and keep
in mind it learns tons and tons of TMS
but I don't know tell me your opinions
down below what move set you think that
Pokemon should use and who knows maybe
we'll try another one for now it's time
for the Mewtwo on Mewtwo violence we're
coming in at level 58 with 375 in attack
and defense and 374 in speed and special
but this is a god tier Pokemon in front
of us let's see how the stats Stack Up
and yeah he's not actually that much
stronger than us because we have badge
boost and he doesn't plus we have stat
experience so I think there's a natural
strategy here I'm going to Blizzard on
this Pokemon and we can see it did that
much oh we did so little and he knows
recover oh this is is terrible so here
now I paralyze him with the body slam
I'm also going to go psychic here trying
to get some special drops cuz if we can
get special drops on this Pokemon we
might just be able to whittle it down of
course Critical Hits will ignore all our
special drops and that could be a
massive issue here and so just like that
the wild Mewtwo beats us on the first
attempt so I think there's nothing else
to do but just Spam blizzard because we
could theoretically get a freeze here
the freeze of course guarant tease the
Victory and we get him on much lower
Health this time so now I'm going to
body slam hoping for the crits that will
ignore all the barriers and just like
that we take Mewtwo down on the second
attempt so it took a little bit of
resetting there but a level 58 Mewtwo
does in fact beat a level 70 Mewtwo when
you give it access to
Blizzard that is the answer anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed this one I had a
lot of fun next up I'm planning on a few
type change runs that I think you guys
are going to really enjoy as well as a
hitmon Le run where we're going to see
how it does if it got its Gen 2 special
stat since hitmon Le basically just
doesn't use special moves its special
defense from Gen 2 if it were ported
into gen one might make a really big
impact kind of interested to see how
that goes anyway thank you so much for
hanging out I'll see you in the next one
later
[Music]
a